Discuss how evolutionary methods are different from RL methods, and in what situations we would expect RL methods to be better?

[1]Evolutionary methods and reinforcement learning methods are different methods used for machine learning tasks. One difference between the two is the use of a value function to estimate reward for reinforcement learning, while evolutionary methods use a fitness function. A reinforcement learning or RL method might look at the value of being in a given state or the value of taking an action in a given state. In contrast, an evolutionary method evaluates the fitness of each individual in a population. Instead of states and actions, there are generations and individuals. An individual is a candidate solution to the problem. Individuals with the best fitness get to combine their genes with others to produce the next generation. Mutations may be introduced when mixing genes so that new traits are introduced while making sure that the best traits from the ancestors are kept in the population. An RL method will maximize the reward received by taking an action given a current state, while an evolutionary method will yield a solution with the greatest fitness. An agent can choose to explore new actions or exploit known actions to earn the most reward in RL methods. Instead of this exploration versus exploitation trade-off, there is a trade-off with the amount of mutation in evolutionary methods.

RL methods are better suited for applications where the previous state is important in determining what action should be taken in the next state. Although an evolutionary method could solve the problem, the RL method would likely converge on the optimal policy faster (unless the evolutionary method is parallelized: https://openai.com/blog/evolution-strategies/). Evolutionary methods can solve more general optimization problems than RL methods, however it is not always the best approach. For example, Reinforcement Learning works better than an evolutionary algorithm (genetic algorithm) for optimizing sustainable forest management: http://www.geog.leeds.ac.uk/groups/geocomp/2011/papers/rieser.pdf

